Add vSphere HCL examples to the docs (#9674)
hashicorp/packer: website/pages/docs/builders/hyperv/iso.mdx

@include 'common/ISOConfig.mdx'

Examples:

> go-getter can guess the checksum type based on `iso_checksum` len.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go-getter can guess the checksum type based on `iso_checksum` length, it is
also possible to specify the checksum type.
```

<Tabs>

> <Tab heading="JSON">

Reviewer: Nice one ! Do you think it is possible to make a partial out of this one ? I think the tabs don't work in partials; but then I'd rather not have tabs yet ( and uses words instead ) and make those tags when this issue is fixed. Because repeating this all over the place will make updating/maintaining of that chuck of test harder;

Author: You're right, tabs don't work on partials that's why I had to do this 😞
